Add table aws_oam_link closes #1455 (#1498)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_oam_link.md

# Table: aws_oam_link

> Amazon CloudWatch Observability Access Manager (OAM) link share their observability data with the monitoring account. The shared observability data can include metrics in Amazon CloudWatch, logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs, and traces in AWS X-Ray.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon CloudWatch Observability Access Manager (OAM) link shares their observability data with the monitoring account. The shared observability data can include metrics in Amazon CloudWatch, logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs, and traces in AWS X-Ray.
```

## Example

### Basic info

```sql
select
  id,
  arn,
  sink_arn,
  lable,
  resource_types
from
  aws_oam_link;
```

### Get sink details for each link

```sql
select
  l.id,
  l.arn
  s.name as sink_name,
  l.sink_arn
from
  aws_oam_link as l,
  aws_oam_sink as s;
```

> ### List links that share data for loggroup resource type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List links that share data for Cloudwatch log group resource type
```
